Hey Tim, it's time for us to talk about
your childhood.
>> Well, my mother made me watch a lot of
murder she wrote, which I think set me
up for a lifetime of mixed feelings
about Maine and its apparent crime
issues.
>> Okay, not that part of it. I mean, our
generation's fond memories of walking
the aisles of Blockbuster, trying to
find that diamond in the rough and not
getting fooled again by the cover art of
Crawl.
>> Ah, yes. Right. Anything with Angela
Lansbury.
>> I got some good news for you. There is a
way to recapture that magic and it's
called Tuby. You either know Tuby is the
great big free bargain bin of the
internet or for those who don't, let me
read the relevant Onion headline. Tuby
CEO combs through Goodwill used DVDs
looking for movies to upload. That's
great, but do they have murder? She
wrote.
>> You bet your Angela Lansbury
commemorative mug they do.
Oh boy. That's next.
A quick note before we get into the
episode. TB parent Fox and News Corp,
the parent of the Wall Street Journal
publisher Dow Jones, share common
ownership.
Tub CEO Anelie Sud has one of the most
unique backgrounds of any head of any
company in tech or media. She was born
in Detroit, grew up in Flint, Michigan,
daughter of Punjabi immigrants, eldest
of three, and get this, she wanted to be
a playwright. Instead, she started
climbing the education and later the
corporate ladder, going from a Harvard
MBA to Barry Diller Proteé to CEO of
Vimeo, the video sharing service by age
34. Now she's the head of Tuby, a free
adup supported streaming service, and
it's gaining ground at a time when
companies like Amazon and Netflix have
introduced their own adup supported
tiers. Tuby recently announced that it
had exceeded 100 million monthly active
users and surpassed 1 billion hours of
total viewing time in May. While those
numbers are big, Sud says Tuby is
thinking about audience retention.
>> How many times do people come back and
what's the quality of that engagement?
So, is it people are choosing to watch
on demand content or are they just like,
you know, turning on a live channel and
watching in the background? Those things
matter for advertisers. Tuby is also
getting into original content, basically
costefficient programs and films that
serve existing fan bases who otherwise
aren't getting served. In fact, Sud says
the number one title on Tuby in the
company's history is a movie called
Sidelined, The QB and Me, starring a Tik
Tok influencer and based on a young
adult novel. Damn,
>> nice catch, cheer.
>> Not my name, quarterback.
What's your capsule review of it?
>> Um, so first of all, I like to share the
tagline because I think it's great.
Prepare to catch feelings.
>> That was actually our t our log line for
bold names when we pitched it.
>> I'm I'm so glad you guys passed on that
one cuz it's it's really been great for
us.
>> But you'd be forgiven for not even
knowing what Tuby is. It's a place with
the biggest content library of any
streaming service, full of obscure gems
and new fan favorite shows and films by
upandcomers.
From the Wall Street Journal, I'm Tim
Higgins. And I'm Christopher Mims. This
is Bold Names, where you'll hear from
the leaders of the bold named companies
featured in the pages of the Wall Street
Journal. Today, we ask, what's the
battleground for the newest streaming
war, and why is it ad supported?
[Music]
>> Analie, thank you for being here. Um,
you know, be honest, especially in the
world that you inhabit of streaming, it
feels strange to me to have something
free. It feels like a little bit suspect
and I want to know what the catch is,
maybe what you're going to do with my
data. And let's just start with Tuby.
You're you're an ADUP supported free
streaming service for those who are not
already devotees, but you still have
your skeptics. What do you say to people
who are like, what's the catch?
>> Yeah. So, listen, Tuby is free. we think
the future of entertainment is free. Um
the the biggest skepticism we hear is
well then that must mean the quality of
the content on Tuby isn't good, right?
Like that's that would be the reason why
it'd be hard to be free for consumers
and entirely ads supported. Um, and I
think our general belief, and I think
we're hopefully proving that, is that by
putting viewers first, we're just
expanding the definition of quality. We
don't define quality of content on Tuby
in terms of the size of the production
budget or um how many awards um a piece
of content won. Um, we just say our let
our audience be the arbittors of quality
and we don't judge and we will just
obsess and listen and give them more of
what they want. And um, and we do back
that up. You know, we have the the
largest collection of Hollywood movies
and TV shows um, in the world. We also
have hundreds of originals that we have
sort of made for our most passionate
fans and they, you know, they are less
expensive than, you know, a a major
original you might see on Netflix, but
they're still very high quality, highly
produced storytelling that resonates
with with fandoms. And so um and and you
know look I think that the industry has
historically underestimated the power of
free streaming. I would say YouTube is a
really good example of free adup
supported streaming and we love to to
have invite skeptics to just watch and
give us a try. Um and I think what we're
seeing is that uh it is a very valid um
thriving business model that's just been
underestimated.
Well, I want to get into the content
here in a bit, but first let's let's
talk a little bit more about the thread
there because I think you're right.
Well, adup supported streaming may have
seemed unique, maybe that just a few
years ago, others are now embracing it.
We've seen Netflix and Amazon introduce
ad supported tiers. And I'm curious how
that's changed things for you and
changed things for the industry.
>> Yeah. So, I'll make a delineation first.
um 100% free free streaming is very
different than a ad tier. So what we've
seen is paid subscription streaming
services adding less expensive but still
paid ad tiers. Said differently,
consumers are still pulling out their
credit card and paying to watch ads.
>> I went to watch an a movie with my son
on Peacock and first we had like the
countdown wheel was like 160 seconds of
ads.
>> Yeah. And so I would say I would argue
that's an incredibly different value
proposition, right? So what what we're
seeing is actually very few streamers,
you know, are have a pure play model
like Tubies where it's 100% free. You
can start watching Tuby and you will get
right into the content. We don't even
force you to register and give us your
email address. Why? Because we believe
that we need to be frictionless. Why do
we believe that? because we're competing
for your time and attention and we don't
define our competitive set as just
streaming. It's anything that you choose
to be entertained on. And in particular
for younger generations, they're going
to spend more of their time on Tik Tok
and Instagram and in gaming and all of
these other um experiences that are
frictionless. And I think our our
perspective is we need to be able to
offer that same level of, you know,
effortless entertainment if we want to
earn that time and attention. I would
also say let's not forget that
subscription prices have gone up
significantly.
>> Well, I I I do wonder with kind of
Amazon and Netflix embrace of this uh
the idea of advertising and streaming is
a somewhat of validation. I I get the
idea that there's the tier and it's it's
it's different, but that them getting
into streaming and advertising. Has that
helped you kind of legitimize that
market or made it more appealing to
marketers who are now here are some
bigger names and they're thinking, "Oh,
this is a way to go."
>> Yeah. So, it's a good question. I think
from a viewer perspective, generally,
yes, we are seeing that people are more
and more comfortable with the value
exchange, right? I'm comfortable if I
have to watch advertising just like I
did in, you know, TV, you know, decades
ago. They're comfortable if what they're
getting in return is worth it. And that
I would expect to continue. There there
was a period of time where I think the
the prevailing wisdom was that only that
was only true of younger folks, but what
we're seeing is it's across generations
that that willingness. Um,
>> well, that murder she wrote marathon if
you want to get into it. I mean, there's
always some kind of a serial killer on
the loose in Maine.
>> Exactly.
>> I was just pleased to find out I could
stream Running Man on Tuby the other
day.
>> Absolutely. Absolutely.
>> All my old short singer favorite.
>> I love it. You've just revealed a lot
about your tastes. I I've noted that.
>> What What is my taste reveal?
>> Nothing we didn't already know, Dan.
That's true. That's true. Um but but I
would say you know so so so the value
exchange the premise is there that said
there's a lot of work to do and I think
we're we've been spending a lot of time
like how do we improve that ad
experience right it shouldn't feel like
an interruption and and there is a
potential for us to just you know
obsessively improve that user experience
make ads more targeted and personalized
over time and that should also make the
experience better so that's all true I
think from an advertiser perspective
certainly we have more competition for
ad dollars now, right? When you have
Amazon, Netflix, uh, entering the
market, it does mean that there there's
actually more folks vying for ad
dollars. But I would also say we see at
Tuby is our audience is um quite
incremental and hard to reach on other
streamers. So, a lot of our our viewers,
they're not paying.
>> When you say incremental, you mean in
addition to the folks that advertisers
feel they can already reach through
Amazon and Netflix. Yeah. Yes. I'll give
you so first of all um uh people are
watching a billion hours of Tuby a
month. So that one we have we have
scale. We have reach and scale which is
always
>> people it's not one person watching a
billion hours a month.
>> No we have so we we recently shared
we've crossed 100 million monthly active
users. But but I would also say like
that's sort of a vanity metric. At the
end of the day what we are really
thinking about is retention. how how
many times do people come back and
what's the quality of that engagement?
So, is it people are choosing to watch
on demand content or are they just like,
you know, turning on a live channel and
watching in the background? Those things
matter for advertisers. But, but if you
look at the 2B audience, what we see is
um it generally skews more diverse and
younger. So, the majority of our viewers
are are gen Z and millennial. Um and if
you and and from all everything we can
see in thirdparty data, a good
percentage of our audience are not on
these other streamers. So if you're an
advertiser and you want to reach younger
audiences that are otherwise on social
media with a brand safe message, Tuby
actually becomes a really exciting value
prop and we've seen that translate. So
it's a competitive
>> just to put a fine point on that. Yeah.
>> Unlike social media which is reaching
these uh younger audiences, these
audiences who are just more likely to be
more diverse, LGBTQ, all the the areas
of content where you've really focused
at 2B. You offer advertisers a way to
reach those audiences without worrying
that they're going to be next to,
you know, uh Elon Musk tweeting about
his latest chatbot or just a piece of
content that slips through the
moderation AI at Meta or something.
>> Yeah. So, so yeah, there's it's it's
it's brand safe. I mean this is like
classic you know we are very thoughtful
about the brands um that advertise on
Tuby and but even more than that it's
remember this is long form so you're
also getting a 30-se secondond you know
ad in front of a viewer which allows you
to as a brand to tell a more contextual
nuanced message than you can on social
media and then on top of that we've
invested in in very interesting ad
formats so I'll give you an example we
you know we use AI to um sort of
understand the scenes in in a movie.
Let's say you're you're Ford and you you
know we'll we'll we'll Fast and Furious,
you know, it's a car scene like we'll
find the right moment to put that ad up
so that it feels natural and less
interruptive and that's really powerful
for for advertisers. And that's why
>> just to be clear when when like Dom is
revving the engine on his souped-up
Dodge, you might put an appropriate ad
in there.
>> We have the ability now to do that and
we've rolled out um those capabilities
just recently. We call it 2B moments.
Um, and it's basically an ad package
that brands can buy. Um, that enables
that and we'll get smarter and better at
this over time. But, but yeah, all of
that is possible today with technology.
And I think it's just, you know, as
media companies, us embracing it and and
finding ways for it to to deliver value
both to the viewer and the advertiser.
Next up, we're going to hear about the
biggest original hit film in Tuby's
history and the surprising thing it can
tell us about what people actually want
to watch.
>> And it's produced and starring a Tik Tok
influencer named Noab. And that title,
um, you know, it it's 5 million views in
the first 5 days.
>> That's after the break.
[Music]
You know, it's interesting. Uh, when I
look at Reddit is, as I you'd imagine I
do often, one of my favorite threads is
what's the wildest Tuby movie you've
seen? And you can go down a huge rabbit
hole there, right? And you have I mean,
one of the things about Tuby is these
rabbit holes, these ability to just go
deep on things. But finding content, I
think, is going to be key and has been
key. Traditionally, your users have
largely come through the TV sets, right?
But last fall, Tuby launched Scenes for
its mobile app. A kind of a feature that
feels to me very much like Tik Tok. The
user can scroll through short clips of
movies or TVs to surface uh something
they might want to watch. You can click
on it, right? If you're watching Tik
Tok, you can't click into the movie,
right? You got to go watch 10 clips of
the movie on Tik Tok, right? You can
actually go into your movie here. And
I'm curious, what's that done since
rolling that out? What's that done for
2B?
>> Yeah, it's a great question. Yeah, I
think first our approach has always been
like be ubiquitous. We want to be on
every platform. So, we want to be on
every TV. We're now in GM cars. I think
as of a couple weeks ago, you know, we
want to be mobile. We want to be every
surface for consumers because our whole
value prop is ease. And you've got to be
able to rely on Tuby to deliver a
consistent experience that's sort of
designed for you wherever you are in
your day. I think we've all experienced
now that we don't all just watch watch
um content in our living room. In fact,
uh I think uh we we recently did a
survey, it's not going to surprise you
guys, that the Gen Z is watching a lot
of Tuby at work. Um you know,
>> quiet.
>> So, quiet.
>> Yeah. So, so that's happening. But, um
>> is that self-reported or are you just
looking at their IP address?
>> No, no, no. We we this this was this was
with a third party. So, it's it's it's
real. It's not just TV. It's just
generally that's what they're doing. Um,
>> do we know what show they're watching
the most at work?
>> Office.
>> I I'll tell you my bet actually. Okay,
here's a fun one. Um,
here's an example of like why it's
important to listen to viewers when
because you wouldn't guess what people
are watching. We are seeing a ton of Gen
Z um sort of fans interested in
Scooby-Doo and Looney Tunes. Who would
have thought the mystery of it? who
thought anybody who's worked at a pizza
parlor that's
>> so so but to your question on scenes um
so so the example of scenes is us trying
to your point to to sort of build a a
more mobile first discovery experience
we are seeing really great engagement
and adoption and but what we're seeing
is that there's sort of a journey
throughout the day for a user where they
might start by experiencing a movie clip
or a scene on on on the on the mobile
app they'll start to engage in the
content but then they, you know, they
they go grab a a matcha latte or they're
you go back to work. Um, and so then it
really becomes about how do we create
that ecosystem where we know that
they've stopped and when they turn on
their television at home hours later,
are we, you know, starting right at that
moment and have we taken it into account
that activity?
>> You've said that uh TB sees itself as
the home for the next generation of
Hollywood content. First off, I thought
that was Quibby. Secondly, now isn't
that
>> too soon? Too soon. Too soon.
>> Sorry. Secondly, now isn't that um
YouTube, right, where you're seeing all
these crossover stars happen. How are
you going to be the home for the next
generation of Hollywood content?
>> First, I'll say, you know, I so I I
spent a decade before Tubi at Vimeo, and
we had a lot of independent filmmakers
and and sort of what I would call long
form storytellers on the platform. And
so everything that we're doing at Tuby
is long form, which I think is a
difference from YouTube. Um, and in that
we really do believe long form
storytelling. And we see it. We think
young people want to see original
content. They want to actually they tell
us that they want to see more content
made from independent creators and
diverse voices. And historically, as you
can imagine, it's just been very hard to
get a movie or TV. You had to get you
you have to go to Hollywood. You have to
have an agent. You have to be in the
right room with the right studio exec.
You have to have a big budget. You have
to get it green lit. um it has to have a
box office debut. Uh that has completely
changed. Streaming has changed it, but
so has YouTube. And then of course now
with with AI and some of the tailwinds
there, it's just going to get easier and
easier for highquality content to be
produced by many more people. And so I
think our perspective is that's that can
be very good. That's democratizing
storytelling. It enables more types of
entertainment. What's the biggest
challenge with that is that attention
and time spent is finite. And if you
start to see a massive scaling up of
content, it is going to be really hard
to um make sure that every story can
find its audience. And I think that's
the value the the value proposition for
Tuby in this space, which is for long
form creators. Some of them started
short form on Tik Tok or YouTube. And we
think because we have this model that's
optimized for the long tail that um you
in many ways we sort of are we've tried
to sort of flip this idea of niche
content as actually being core. You're
going to see us move uh very very
quickly here to just experiment and and
platform more creators and and um and
their and their stories. And you know,
coming from Vimeo, what I can tell you
is there are plenty of creators um who
are thriving on YouTube. And it's not
that we want to move them off of
YouTube. It's that they also want to do
other projects and and go even deeper
with their fans. And that's the
opportunity. And I'll give you an
example of something that is sort of a
bit of a proof point. If you look at the
number one title on Tuby ever in our
history, it's um it's a movie based on a
young adult novel that uh had a bunch of
followers on Wattpad.
>> Watt Pad, which is a place for bubbling
up, first fanfiction, but now fiction by
anybody.
>> Yeah. And and it's um and it's produced
and starring a Tik Tok influencer named
Noab. and that title um you know it it's
I think 5 million views in the first 5
days. This is just coming through
organic um sort of that that flywheel of
like a creator an influencer um and and
hearing that what fans are interested in
and just bringing that into it's called
Sidelined the QB and me um and it's
exactly
>> review of it. Um, so first of all, I
like to share the tagline because I
think it's great. Prepare to catch
feelings.
>> That was actually our t our log line for
bold names when we pitched it.
>> I'm I'm so glad you guys passed on that
one because it's it's really been great
for us. Um, but you know, I would I
would say it's a really good movie. It's
well produced. It's a it's it's um on
its own and we see the audience isn't
just young young folks watching it, but
it did come with a built-in fan base and
it did enable this was Noah's first long
form project ever. Um and so I that's
what I mean when I think about the next
generation and it's just better
recognizing that like culture moves at
the speed of Tik Tok now and we have to
continue to show our fans stories that
reflect their lived experiences and
what's happening and what they care
about. And there's many more ways for us
to connect those dots than there were in
the past.
>> Well, speaking of something that's
moving very quickly, we got Tik Tok and
we have AI, right? And as we look at
this technology develop very quickly,
we're seeing its abilities rapidly
improve. And I think maybe a year ago,
there was this feeling that AI could be
getting into video, but it was still a
ways off. there was this kind of
existential threat and dread out there
that it would be replacing kind of
humans to create content. And now you
look at it and it's it's pretty
impressive. Are we at the point or do
you think we're near the point where
generative AI um can start creating
content on Tuby?
>> Yeah. So, I think we uh should all
assume I don't think we're there yet,
but we should all assume we will get
there very quickly and probably faster
than anyone um expects. Uh and and I am
generally excited by the potential that
that can bring for creators and
storytellers and ultimately then for
audiences to experience um you know,
many more different kinds of stories.
Uh, you know, again, I've seen firsthand
I I spent a decade trying to build tools
to make it easier for creators because
the process to produce high quality
content is just incredibly cumbersome,
expensive, timeconuming and and it is
magical that you can now like almost
take an idea that's in your head and and
sort of imagine it and bring it to life
so much faster. And my bet is that
platforms that are good at leveraging
scale data longtail
um they are going to be advantaged in
that world.
>> So the the the infamous onion headline
about you
>> you know it
>> is this the DVD DVD?
>> Um yeah 2 CEO searches Goodwill bargain
bin for DVDs to upload. But you're
saying that's your advantage? I
>> I am. And for for the record that was
technically uh Tuby's founder Farhad,
not me in that in that I actually wish
it was me cuz and I'll tell you I I to
your point I think we very proudly wear
to be we see ourselves as as I said we
are not the arbiters of quality our
audience is. And if our audience likes
something then we are going to do
everything we can to give them more of
that because that's what we care about.
That's our our north star.
>> So, Sideline, the QB and me, that is the
new bar.
>> I I would stand by the check it out.
It's a great movie. Um it's a great
movie, but I would I would I would say
differently. The bar varies. You know,
we work with um aspiring filmmakers who
are producing movies on a homegrown
budget of $100,000
who will get millions of views on Tuby.
We do Hollywood produced originals that
you would not be able to differentiate
from what you would see on another
platform. We will have creator content.
You know, you'll see a of it's more just
a broader perspective that people want
to watch a lot of different things. You
know, maybe the way to put it is it in
this kind of environment we're in, the
monoculture is is fading fast. So, this
idea that you would you would produce
one, you know, we used to all tune in at
8:00 p.m. uh to one show and that show
had to speak to everybody um and it had
to to to resonate with everyone in the
country. And we just live in a in a
personalized ondemand world where that's
not the case. And sometimes you want to
feel like you want to see one kind of
story and one sometimes you want to find
another one. And why shouldn't you be
able to do that in one place?
>> We reached out to Google's YouTube. They
did not respond to a request for
comment. Coming up after the break,
we're going to hear about 2B's one big
advantage that none of its competitors
can match. Its parent company is Fox,
which allowed it to stream one of the
biggest live sports events in the world.
So, for example, in the Super Bowl, you
know, the we had 24 million viewers come
to Tubi on game day and 40% were between
the ages of 18 and 34 and half were
women. And that is uh helping expand the
audience beyond the noncore sports fans
to maybe some of the folks who are more
in it for the commercials and the
halftime show.
>> That's next.
[Music]
So, Tuby isn't profitable. Uh, you said
it could be profitable. Um, if you
wanted it to be, if you spent less in
the bargain bin at Goodwill.
>> Yeah. No, it's uh it's uh I would say
this. We we feel very comfortable in our
path to profitability. And importantly,
um we profitability for 2B won't come
from cutting costs. it'll come from
growing more efficiently. Um, and that's
why I say like, you know, building that
audience, getting advertisers to want to
spend, that enables us to to get to
profitability,
um, while still growing our content
budget at a time when so many others are
are actually reducing their content
budgets. Um, we are actually, you know,
we're proving out that business model.
And I fully appreciate that we, you
know, until the day that we announce
we're profitable, that that it's it's
super fair to question, well, can this
this pure play free ad supported model
work? But I feel very confident that we
will we will get there and be able to
demonstrate it.
>> I mean, that growth, that demand for
growth, that pursuit of growth sounds
very much like a startup, right? But
you're part of Fox, uh, an established
company, but you're acting like a
startup, at least what you're what
you're telling me. And I'm I'm wondering
kind of what pressure you're under or
what kind of the balance the promise
of growth with the ultimate need for I
imagine some kind of profitability. How
much time how much room do you have to
to show that's possible?
>> Yeah. So um first I would say you know
you're you're absolutely right that we
at TB we we think like a startup. We
started as you know a small Silicon
Valley startup you know going around
trying to raise money over 10 years ago
and I think what we found is that since
being acquired by Fox we really have
been able to thrive and I'd say one of
the reasons is that uh Fox has been has
treated us as is very much an
entrepreneurial venture that is able to
move fast and do things our way and I
think that that's been remarkably
successful. Um, at the same time, we
also benefit tremendously
um from from Fox. And the perfect
example is that, you know, Fox has the
NFL and Tuby was able to stream the
Super Bowl in February for free. I mean,
those are the types of of opportunities
a VC back startup just doesn't get um
that can be massively transformational.
So, I would say it's been in incredibly
symbiotic, a very um successful kind of
structure. And I I give credit to to Fox
leadership for for kind of recognizing
that Tuby's different and not trying to
what I would say force synergies where
they maybe don't exist in terms of
>> a Hannity hour or something like that.
>> No, we notice Fox Nation is not among
your channels.
>> No, we we have, you know, we we are we
are very clear on on our strategy. It's
working. I think we've been given plenty
of of freedom to to kind of do things
the way we need to do it. And then and
and it's it's really only when there's a
win-win opportunity like that Super Bowl
that that we we will we will partner. Um
and I think that's been great. And
actually as CEO, part of my job is to
find more of those opportunities and
leverage them. And then I think for
growth versus profitability, I I think
we're managing it collectively. we're
very well aligned and um and it feels
again just very appropriate and natural
for where we are both as a business and
in in the industry.
>> Well, on that question of sports, I mean
we're seeing that's the exciting area
for all these media companies, right?
That's where they see the potential for
growth. That's where the the eyeballs
are going and in an era where everything
is so fragmented, right? And what
potential do you see in sports because
it's so expensive? So, first let me say
if I could afford to do to pay for
premium live sports rights, I would
totally do that. And uh
>> which one would you want?
>> I mean, I would
>> F1 I think that's available.
>> I I I would say I mean NFL what Fox has
is to me, you know, it's amazing. Now,
to your point, we we can't make that
those economics work on a standalone
basis with a free ad supported model, at
least not anytime soon. And so, I think
that the way our approach has been
twofold. on obviously where there are
large sort of what I would call more
cultural moments in sports if we can
stream those for free and and broaden
and expand the audience for Fox and for
the league that is valuable. So, for
example, in the Super Bowl, you know,
the we had 24 million viewers come to
Tubi on game day and 40% were between
the ages of 18 and 34 and half were
women and that is uh helping expand the
audience beyond the noncore sports fans
to maybe some of the folks who are more
in it for the commercials and the
halftime show. So, that's one side. The
other side is where sports meets
culture. So, you are you will see as we
just announced several sports docs.
We're doing one with Naomi Osaka. We're
doing one with Cam Ward, who's the NFL
number one draft pick. Um, and and there
what we're hearing particularly from
from younger audiences is they often
care just as much about the stories
behind the athletes as they do about the
live event. Um, and they are hungry for
more of that. And we
>> So, you're going to give us your own
version of uh Formula 1 Drive to
Survive, which obviously been a monster
hit on Netflix. We don't have that
specific uh doc teed up but but but
imagine there is a there's tons of room
here because you guys are all about need
we will go wherever we see the signal
all of these are possible you know all
of these are possible uh but you know it
all comes down to what we hear from our
fans that they're really interested in
what they're hungry for and I will tell
you like women's sports definitely an
area where we're seeing just another
level of interest.
>> So, Caitlyn Clark, the inside story.
>> I'll I think the through line is
actually that there are some sort of
underestimated
angles or audiences. I think that uh
that we just see and hear from our fans
like they just want more of that. For
whatever reason, even though we're
inundated with content, we all feel like
we spend too much time trying to figure
out what to watch. there is still like a
room for for more stories that reflects
certain angles and and and aspects that
our job is to piece figure out what
those are and delineate when it's you
know it's going to resonate and it's not
and I would say we get better and better
at it because of the scale. So, you're
talking about growth. You said the magic
word scale.
And I'd love to kind of conclude with
the stakes here because you you've said
in other uh lesser less esteemed
interviews that um you uh
>> that's getting cut in post-prouction.
No, I really hope it stays
>> that that after Amazon and Netflix, you
know, you are, you know, you're you're
streaming the most number of hours of ad
supported content. Well, also YouTube
obviously, but in terms of long form
after Amazon and Netflix, the most
number of hours of ad supported content
in the English- speakaking world, you
know, you have like two or 3% of total
TV viewing minutes, but that already
makes you bigger than Apple TV. And
they've spent like $20 billion on
content since they started. And
supposedly that service loses a billion
a year. Feels like you're a dark horse
in this race with substantial potential
for growth. And that's validated by your
competitors. If not copying your model,
then at least following your lead. And
then this next phase of the streaming
wars, where do you see yourself?
>> Yeah. Yeah. I'll tell you very honestly,
I don't really think about success um or
spend really too much time thinking
about how we where we are against others
because I don't I can't control their
game and their strategy. But what I what
I do think is we like our mission is to
to literally give everyone in the world
access to all the world stories. That's
our mission. And like I believe in it
and I what you will see us do is we will
be bold and ambitious, but we're going
to be focused. We know what we're good
at. It's free entertainment and free
streaming for fandoms. That's what we
do. And you will see us be laser focused
on scaling that way. And I think for us,
part of that is I think you can execute
better when you're focused. But but the
other part is what we are offering is
differentiated against all those players
today. And the last thing we want to do
or can afford to do in a market like
this is to lose our differentiation and
our strength. So I think what what
viewers and advertisers and industry you
know watchers can expect is just we will
you know we we will do many other things
and try many other things within that
that sort of game that we believe we
play really well and it's it's all going
to be about how do we earn more share of
time and attention from viewers by
giving them just the best entertainment
experience we can. You know, we we we
spend so much time in the media talking
about kind of peak television or
prestige content, right? Severance on
Apple TV or Game of Thrones on HBO. Are
those shows really just the luxury of
the Tim Cook and HBO world that they can
afford to put that out there or does
that not matter in this kind of world
that you're kind of painting where um
the user
will gravitate towards um what interests
them in a way that doesn't necessarily
have to be as expensive.
>> Yeah. Are we going to see the the the
the death of these tentpole shows?
>> I don't think so. I mean, first of all,
those are great shows. Um,
>> are you killing Game of Thrones?
>> I know. I We are not killing Game of
Thrones, you know. Yeah.
Um
>> I mean, can you remake the final season?
>> It would be a very different Game of
Thrones if we remade it. Um,
>> there would be a quarterback falling in
love.
>> Yeah. Reluctant answer. Well, first of
all, I'll say most of what those
tentpole that tentpole content it, you
know, think about we have some some of
that those best of Hollywood is on Tuby.
It's just licensed in the later window.
We and we know our fans love it. So, I
don't think I don't think it's going
away. I I do think fewer and fewer
companies can have that be their
scalable differentiator. I just think
that is just going to get harder and
harder. Do you think if you're a tech
company that has many other um
businesses, you can afford to to to take
a different approach because your end
game isn't purely just making money on
that or being profitable on that one
piece of content. And and we love that.
We you know I I think my perspective is
Severance is an amazing show. Not nearly
enough people have watched it. And you
know, if if I could get that on Tuby, I
know a lot more people will watch it and
we'll be able to expand the audience for
that that show. Um, and there's a way to
make that a positive for everyone.
>> Analie, I wish we had another hour with
you. I want to hear what uh it was like
working for Barry Diller. I want to hear
how you went from growing up in uh
Flint, Michigan to the the Halls of
Media Power.
But sadly, this is not the Joe Rogan
Show. We are out of time. And I just
want to say thank you for your very
thoughtful answers and uh I hope you
come back, you know, when you when you
have your next billion in incremental
revenue.
>> I would love that. Thanks, guys.
>> Anytime.
>> We reached out to Apple. They did not
respond to our request for comment.
Stick around. Mims and I are going to
break down 2B strategy and how it fits
into the rapidly changing streaming
landscape.
Okay, Mims, what did you think? I was
surprised.
I feel because I have been a devote of
streaming services since they were brand
new, like maybe ad supported versions
were a niche. But looking at Netflix's
numbers on this, looking at the
opportunity on YouTube, and then hearing
Analie talk about it, I kind of feel
like the future of streaming is ad
supported. The future of streaming is
just whatever TV was before,
>> right? Like we're returning back to what
it was, right? You would turn on your TV
and flip through the channels. I mean,
you know, the app is pretty interesting.
The scenes app, which is very much in
the the vein of Tik Tok where you're
flipping through, but instead of like
having to go Google whatever it is, it
just goes right into the episode or the
movie. And it's very very convenient.
It's easy to go down a really deep
rabbit hole.
>> Yeah. And I think part of what's so
interesting about that is
like she said, they're capturing
audiences which otherwise can only be
addressed on social media which is just
not brand safe or brands don't view it
that way. And so as gigantic as YouTube
and Meta have become,
there is just this incredible hunger
among advertisers to be next to, you
know, murder she wrote or
whatever other longtail content people
want to see on Tuby. That AI is also
allowing Tuby to kind of create or have
creators create content in in a more
bigger way. Right? This is more than
just short videos on Tik Tok or um this
is long form which is interesting. We've
seen Amazon uh Prime do something
similar. They've got some new shows that
are taking advantage of of AI as well.
It really feels like in a few years
we'll be having a very different
conversation about the the creation of
content and how that's changed uh the
landscape for these kind of services.
Yeah, I've never heard anyone say so
cheerfully that quality is essentially
whatever the audience wants, right?
Because normally that's something that
is a little bit terrifying. It feels
like we're going to just go down this
slippery slope toward a lowest common
denominator. And it's kind of refreshing
to hear someone say, "Look, audiences
show us every day what it is that they
want and we are addressing them directly
in a way that
nobody else is because we're so data
driven."
>> Well, in some ways, you go back to the
early days of Netflix and it was about
having a bunch of titles that people
were familiar with and could let them go
down those rabbit holes. And it was the
the kind of the the the bigger ideas,
the bigger prestige, if you will, that
would draw people in. It was the
marketing really. really was marketing
spend whether it's HBO with Game of
Thrones or uh House of Cards at Netflix.
Get people into the into the funnel, get
them excited, and then get them to stay
around because there's this great
library of other stuff. And the TubeBu
is a little bit of a different angle,
right? They've got everything under the
sun. So, go there to see it and then
just keep people engaged that way.
>> Yeah, it does feel like we're going to
see this massive consolidation in
streaming. I mean, we're seeing it
already with these mergers and these
packages that you can buy. And I do
wonder whether in this next
edition of the streaming wars, you're
going to see a shakeout where some folks
just can't afford to spend what they've
been spending on original content. And
2B with its lean model, with its
apparent ability to switch to
profitability, according to her, if they
want to, could be a survivor of this
shakeout.
>> Well, aren't people tired of of spending
as well? It just all kind of seems to
add up.
>> One of the things that all of those
services have to contend with is a lot
of churn
>> because it's so easy to switch them on
and off. No one's going to churn out of
Tuby. I mean, I guess they would stop
watching it.
>> Absolutely. When you get to the end of
uh all the seasons of Murder She Wrote,
what are you going to do?
>> Start over. Of course.
>> Tim, let me ask you, what gave you pause
about what Anelie said or about to be
strategy given how much and how intense
the competition is she's facing?
>> I think sometimes free is too good to be
true. the tech companies have
conditioned us to pay for things. That
said, uh if you go on the app, you go
onto the TV app, you go into the phone
app, it's very easy to get into that
content. It it very quickly starts to
figure out what you want to see. Um so
the biggest challenge is getting people
to go there, I think. And once they get
in there, it's very easy to get stuck
because you're just going down all these
rabbit holes. So I, you know, I'll give
you an example. I was the other night
was flipping through uh you know they
had Dumb and Dumber and it just so
quickly started getting into it. It was
like you know you're watching a scene
and then all of a sudden you're in the
movie. It's you know it just wants to
suck you in.
It sounds like Tik Tok went long form.
>> Yeah. So then do you think ultimately
one of the biggest challenges to
something like Tuby is going to be
Netflix's ad tier, Tik Tok, everybody
else kind of catching on to their
strategy and beating them at their own
game but with more scale. I'm not sure
if that's the biggest threat for the
viewer, right? It's like the biggest
threat for their business case. Um
because if you can go to if you're an
advertiser and you go to Netflix or
YouTube,
you know, what do you need to go to
Tuby? That's still kind of finding its
way. But I mean they have a huge huge
audience.
I mean the real threat the real it seems
like the real competition is from
YouTube. That is where I think a younger
generation is really consuming a lot of
its content. Um and that's where the
stars are coming up and that's where the
time is coming up.
[Music]
And that's bold names. Our producer is
Danny Lewis. We had additional help this
week from Ariana Asparu. Our fact
checker is Aarna Nason. Michael Lval and
Jessica Fenton are our sound designers.
Jessica also wrote our theme music. Our
supervising producer is Katherine
Milsop. Our development producer is
Aisha Al-Muslim. Scott Saloway and Chris
Eninsley are the deputy editors and Fana
Patterson is the Wall Street Journal's
head of news audio. For even more, check
out our columns on wsj.com.
We've linked them in the show notes. I'm
Tim Higgins.
>> And I'm Christopher Mims. Thank you for
listening.
[Music]